# Typewar

Typewar is a typing-based browser RPG, inspired by typeracer.

Some upcoming features:

* Spells
* Weapons/Items
* Leveling system
* PVP
* PVE
* Combo moves
* Multiple character classes
* Dungeons

---

# DEV NOTES

## Design Ideas/Brainstorm
As the opponent gets hits on you, they advance closer to you. When they get 
too close, they can do a stronger attack. Also you get less time to type the
next string of text.

Combos happen as part of the battle flow. The engine will select a set of text
and they will be fired at the player in rapid succession (adjusted for the
player's typing speed/ability). If the player can type each block in the
sequence successfully, each completed block will perform another hit in the
combo and advance the player closer to the enemy. The combo finishes at the end
right in front of the opponent with a larger attack that does more dmg (a 
special or super). Similarly, opponents can initiate and execute combos. For
each attack in sequence, player must type the words correctly to defend against
them. Player may still take damage from successful defense, but reduced. High
armor/def can protect from damage or maybe certain passive skills block 
defended damages entirely. With each attack in the sequence, the enemy moves
closer to the player, giving less time to react to the text fragment. This
ramps up the difficulty of defending successfully from the entire sequence.
Combos should be challenging to pull off and difficult to defend against fully.

Combos play out differently for ranged vs melee attackers.

A certain skill could allow the player to preview a text fragment before it's
fired. Separate skills that allow preview for attack vs defense. This will
allow the player to prepare which works well for close combat and combos.

Text fragments fly at the player not unlike song chords in beatmania/ddr/et al
typing the fragment correctly should reduce it to an icon that continues on 
it's path. When the icon reaches the player, the motion and calculations get
executed. For example: A slime throws an attack fragment at the player. The
player types it. The fragment text collapses and what remains is a slime ball
(representing the slime's attack) continues flying towards the player at the
same trajectory as the original text fragment box. Once it reaches the player,
because the player typed it correctly, the player avatar does a block animation
and receives no damage (or slight damage if the enemy is much stronger.. etc).

Make monsters have a progress bar that fills up when they are preparing to 
attack. The player should have a similar bar, perhaps allowing the player to
attack without fully charging it (to make weaker but faster attacks).
Once the monster's bar fills up, they 'cast' a text fragment.

To add variety to the enemies attack, fragments could have acceleration rather
than a flat speed. They could also have deceleration, so the player might think
to target one first only to be fooled into wasting time when it might take
longer overall

Text fragments could be wrapped around objects that in a more broader sense,
represent attacks. They could have a type (physical, magic, electrical, acid)
have properties (piercing, crushing, burning, etc), have a damage value and
other attributes. 

Text fragment positionFunc needs to be able to handle a speed multiplier
so that the speed of the motion is adjustable based on player skill.

Vocabulary selection is a nontrivial problem.  Need to be able to choose
an item from the creature's vocabulary which is appropriate for the attack.
Fast attacks should have short words, some may even have single letters.
Slow powerful attacks might be sentences. Perhaps they're not even meant to
be fully typed but only partially blocked?  They would need to scale 
appropriately such that the travel time corresponds with player typing ability

Can the position func be generated by me drawing a line? Can a line be 
recorded and played back as a math function? Can a vector represent a
position func?

## Thinking out loud
Difficulty multiplier could be passed in as a WPM value
This function must be able to take that WPM value and scale the attack
speed appropriately.

---

## CURRENT

#### EPIC: Player attacks/skills are a set of skill slots that can be typed anytime
+ Player has a set of slots for skills
+ The slot is filled with some text which varies depending on the player stats
  and on their typing speed.
+ Player taps tab to switch between offense and defense
+ Different classes can have different skills/spells that can have various 
  effects
  * healing
  * area damage
  * damage over time
  * helper/option
+ Enemy hitting the player could break their attack depending on attack type,
  player stats/def/etc, player skills (passive or active)
+ Attack animation plays upon successful fragment typing

#### Write a library for battle icons
I'll fill them in as I need them but it'll be good to have the framework in 
place
#### Display an icon indicating attack/defense mode
If possible, change the player stance as well
Move the fsm for attack/defense etc mode onto the player. Probably it's own 
component. Figure out how to get the battle manager to communicate with this
component so it does the right thing.
#### Create tracker project for this and convert readme to slurper format
#### BUG: Skill with comma as text fragment is broken
Occaisionally a skill gets a single comma for its text fragment text. In this 
case it accepts the first input then breaks.
#### REFACTOR: rewrite the way battle manager stores and references battle entities
#### On crafty.pause, pause AI and stuff
Pausing crafty fires a Paused event that we can listen to to do the things.
#### REFACTOR: redo the way character sheets are built and come in from server
They should be assembled from model joins that live over on the rails app
then passed down to the game engine in json format from a GET request
then stored into the character model/entity client side and also diced up to 
build the character
#### REFACTOR: change skill -> attack spawning to take an id argument
Currently, text fragments contain code for the position function or some 
physics declarations and an initial impulse etc.  Instead, move those 
definitions behind some module or class structure and address them via
an id (string) that gets passed in as part of the skill.
#### Remove turbolinks
#### Tighten hitboxes (both of entities and of text fragments)
#### Store a few char sheets in javascript and load them by default if no sheet comes from the server
#### Make NPC (brain) choose from skills to use and give those skills cooldowns
#### Player skills can also generate text fragments
A compound skill, typing the skill in the skill slot does some whatever effect
but it also generates a text fragment which flies out from the player. Typing
that text fragment determines whether the projectile was a hit or miss. Might
also be used for some nuke spell or something that takes a few steps to 
complete.
The skill in the slot might simply be the skill slot number, so just a single
keypress spawns the fragment to be typed.
#### GAMEPLAY CHECKLIST
Do a run down to see the state of various parts before proceeding:
+ When switching modes while a fragment is active, ensure that it doesn't
  lock up or break the game
+ Seems to be broken sometimes, attack mode

#### Don't allow switching modes if a text fragment is active (conditionally)
should allow this if you have the correct skill or when going from offense to
defense
#### When player defends the monster attack spins and drops
the battle enemy attack text fragment thingy (ugh.. i need a better name for
thisss.) Attach physics to the thing if it doesn't already exist, and add spin
and raise gravity? or just throw a downward force on it (or reverse force?).
The quality of your typing determines the force applied back on the fragment.
try different vectors to see which is more satisfying. Need to add sound,
particles, and a flash or something.
#### BUG: seems that box2d elements are not being deallocated on scene change
Might be the entire entity or just the box2d physics part.
#### Add animation between the text fragment typed groups in css
#### Improve damage calculation
Use the properties of the attack (which will be carried by the text fragment)
when resolving damage dealt.  Should happen in the resolveAttack and 
resolveDefense private methods in the battle manager
#### REFACTOR: be consistent with .bind for binding context.
In some places we're using underscore's bind and other we're using native .bind
#### Display incorrect characters count typed along with correct characters.
This needs some sort of design such that it's intuitive as to what's happening.
I'm thinking 2 counters, 1 red 1 green or something equally opposing. One
counting correct and one incorrect characters.
#### REFACTOR: rename 'deallocate' methods to remove everywhere
#### Difficulty scale.
Need a system which adjusts the difficulty of the game mechanics.  I want
difficulty of gameplay to be separate from difficulty of the battle.  The
difficulty of fighting a particular monster should be based upon the 
stat/level difference between the player and that monster, but the difficulty
of typing the words (for example) should be scalable outside of that.  Will
need to make it harder for someone who can type really fast.
#### Properly animate text fragment when it transitions to various states
Need to make several stories out of this
Animate a successful hit
Animate a successful defense
Animate successful completion
+ player attacks that fail fade away when typed.
  on second thought don't do this because we're transitioning to the different
  style of player attacking (or at least testing it out first)
  * opacity 0 with transition (possibly flicker to off)
  * fragment immediately becomes ineffective (collision off)
+ player gets hit 
any more?

#### BUG: Edge case: multiple fragments with same starting text typod
NOTE: this algorithm allows the following edge case:
When multiple fragments are 'active' starting with the same text, e.g.
'fool' and 'foolish'.  If you type 'foox', it will deactivate all the fragments.
#### EPIC: State machine refactor
##### Comb the desert and identify all the components which would benefit from having a state machine
+ TextFragment
+ Battle modes (attack/defense/items)
#### Add another attack to the monster
Make a position func that handles an arc path
Problem with using physics is I can't scale the speed of the attack.
Gravity's acceleration is fixed and the x speed is pretty much going to be
constant.  With a parabolic path (or similar) I can adjust the velocity and/or
acceleration from the battle manager.
#### Add a physics border on the ground so text fragments can bounce
#### Gather stats on player typing.
Create an object for each keypress with a timestamp. Send back to server and 
save.
#### REFACTOR: Create a method to do a wait for (x) frames.
Instead of doing window.setTimeout everywhere, we should wait for a fixed
number of frames.
#### Damage counters (numbers flying off hits) Show damage numbers above enemy when they take damage
#### Tweak balance so that text flies at the player more smoothly (from the npc)
#### REFACTOR: make event naming consistent.
Either camel case or underscored, pick one and run with it
#### REFACTOR: the way npc and players take damage
Need to pass in or identify the source of the damage.  For example when npc 
dies, the event it publishes/broadcasts should contain info about who killed
it.
#### Combos
If we go with the player attack slots idea, combos becomes easy. Combos would 
fit into a specific attack slot and you'd simply type one word and another 
would replace it which if you typed it quickly enough (could have a timer or
meter that empties out) then the combo continues. Typos would break the combo
Some combos (or all) would be broken by getting hit unless you had some 
specific skill(s)
#### Adjust game behavior based on stats from player and npc
#### Add devise and player model and allow people to create accounts and log in
#### Add hit effect sprite (sparkles when you hit, or get hit.  Different sparkles when you block)
#### REFACTOR: Clear all TODO's in code
#### Move 'attacks' definitions server side
#### Create a module that governs the display of the battle. 
It needs to handle crafty's zoom level and move things around the scene 
appropriately.  This should probably go in the Camera component.  Currently, 
we want to set a higher zoom level because the 2d sprites we're using are 
small and on any decent display are too tiny and hard to see.  We want to 
scale up the scene but this means we have to move all the entities and the 
offset of the crafty stage.  The camera component should maintain a zoom level 
and be able to translate coordinates in scene space to screen space and vice versa.
This is may also need to handle setup of the viewport depending on device 
screen size and orientation etc.  Scaling the game appropriately.
#### PERFORMANCE: seems like dom nodes aren't getting properly removed when text fragments go away
Need to ensure that they do.
#### Make the battle over scene overlay on top of the battle scene.
#### Create a way for pausing the rudimentary AI, stopping the timers that create more text fragments
Better yet, have it listen for a Crafty.pause() where it then does the 
appropriate.  Better yet, make the timers count by Crafty frames.  This 
way pause will do the right thing.  Will need ot create a Timer object which 
binds to EnterFrame and increments itself.
#### EPIC: Player items are a set of slots that can be typed anytime
  + Tab to toggle to item 
#### REFACTOR: namespace our Sprite sheet properly under typewar 
#### Esc to bail out of typing a text fragment 
But only if you have the requisite skill
#### Add a state machine to text fragments and use that to keep track of whether they can be typed or not.
#### Particle system setup
#### Rails backend loads text dictionaries and sends them to the game engine
#### Cinematics
Cinematics as a concept I'd like to be able to do outside of crafty.  Or with 
some other type of scripting system. Perhaps I could include a 
#### Add state machine to Crafty components.
I should try to patch Crafty to add state machine to components directly.

---

## Entered into Tracker

---

## DONE

#### Extract status view into a component that can be added to an entity
#### Fix broken javascript from bootstrap
Some librar(y|ies) from bootstrap isn't being included somehow
#### Fix status bars
#### Update twitter bootstrap to 3.x.x
#### Fuck off twitter-bootstrap-rails, I want sass
#### BUG: If 2 skills start with the same text, it doesn't work 
#### BUG: If a skill is being typed and you tab out, once you tab back in and try typing it again, it's broken
#### Move health bars/status to the top of the screen/window
#### REFACTOR: extract attack objects out into some class or other better structure
An attack is something that gets 'new'ed up and initialized with some json of
options.  These options can be held server side and contains all the data
necessary to populate the attack including damage amounts/properties, animation
animationd delay (maybe), attack behavior, mana cost etc etc.
These should be called skills actually
#### Build text library module/functionality **skill epic**
#### Apply css classes to skill manager skills based on state **skill epic**
#### Get multiple player skills to appear in skill slots **skill epic**
#### Setup/build text library for attack/skill generation **skill epic**
Determine difficulty of a particular string
Input: some block of text
Output: an array of hashes of this format
    [
      {:text => "foo", :length => 3, :difficulty => 1},
      {:text => "$%^", :length => 3, :difficulty => 6}
    ]
This set builds a 'library' of text that we can pick from when choosing text
fragments based on some length and difficulty requirements requirements.
Early implementation: Difficulty calculation based on how hard it is to type
a string quickly and accurately.
Ideal implementation: Difficulty calculation based on how hard it is for 
**you** (the player) to type the string based on your typing habits.
Implementation thoughts ===> 
Assign a difficulty to each character. Home row letters are 1, hard to reach
letters are higher up, capital letters add 1 or 2 depending on how easy it is
to press shift. Numbers are higher, symbols are even higher.
#### Attack skill doesn't seem to be triggering properly 
just triggers a random attack animation
#### BUG: Switching back to defense mode is broken
Can switch back but doesn't accept input.  Perhaps now is the time to move to
state machine for switching
#### BUG: Javascript breaks on scene change
Something going on with entities being removed from the DOM (?)
I suspect it's because we're triggering a Remove event manually, which collides
with crafty which triggers that on component removal.
Ok, turns out I was right, it was the triggering of Remove events.
#### REFACTOR: Better organize attack information.
Attack information whether from a text fragment or from a player skill should
be the same object type. Going to try to sketch out what that might look like...
Example attack data:
    AttackObject = {
      properties: {...}, // damage properties
      target: target-ent,
      attacker: attacking-ent,
      status-properties: {...}
    }
#### Skill manager component **skill epic**
Player has a skill manager
Skill manager has skills (stored in a skillset)
Skills have text fragments and can accept input
Skills have state machine and go from ready to active to cooldown to ready
#### Can switch between offense and defense with tab **skill epic**
#### Extract display of text fragments out of text fragment component **skill epic**
#### REFACTOR: replace calls to 'deallocate' with calls to remove in comopnents **skill epic**
Move deallocate code in components to remove
#### Upgrade crafty **skill epic**
Version of crafty we're using now doesn't call remove() on components when
it's entity is destroyed which we need for the following refactor
#### REFACTOR: challenge (bloggable) break TextFragment component up into it's base "components" **skill epic**
Currently text fragment has some functionality related to holding attack data
and motion governance. My plan was to pull these out into separate components.
The problem, however, is that both of these components will need to have 
cleanup methods for when the entity is removed/destroyed. But what happens when
two components both have a method named 'cleanup' or 'deallocate' or whatever?
There will be a collision and one will be overwritten.

After some more research, it looks like crafty's .destroy() method (on entity)
will unbind all the things so the first action item is to remove most of my
calls to 'deallocate' and replace them with destroy. Also try to use
entity.bind('EventName', callback) rather than Crafty.bind and see if there's
a difference when deallocating/destroying.

The second action item is to find a solution to the deallocate collision 
problem. I have some possible solutions in mind:

1. Namespace all deallocate methods by the component name itself, for example
textFragmentDeallocate and textFragmentMovementDeallocate. Then some master
component for that entity (specifically) can call the requisite deallocates
2. Set up a deallocator component which registers bindings or more 
specifically, callbacks to run on deallocation.
3. Set up event bindings that listen for entity destruction, calling the 
cleanup callback when that is triggered. The callback can be anonymous, thus
avoiding the naming collision
4. The actual solution: Crafty components can define a remove method that
will be called when the compoenent is removed or the entity is being destroyed.

#### Add a tiny bit of delay between monster animation and spawning of fragment
#### Wire up attack animations to the animation specified in the attack object
For slime npc, there is an animation attribute in each attack, this should pass
through to the character on attack and degrade gracefully to randomize attack if
none provided
#### Characters have max hp
Health bar is rendered as a percentage of max hp
#### REFACTOR: pull out common battle entity behavior into a separate component
I think there are a few other components which are overloaded with 
functionality and should be broken up. As part of this, do an audit and create
additional tasks as necessary.
#### REFACTOR: Consider initializing box2d as part of Crafty's init 
not part of the scene init
#### REFACTOR: extract text fragment from attack entity
Occurs to me that a text fragment can be separated from the piece that actually
flies accross the stage
#### REFACTOR: Remove all convenience methods from NPC entity backbone model
Calls should only be made on the actual crafty entity
#### BUG: slime sprite is off
#### REFACTOR: ensure all events triggered are CapitalCased
#### Generate a new smaller vocabulary for monsters
Temporary, since we want to test faster paced action
#### Capture single quotes
#### BUG: Ran into an issue while playing where key input was no longer registering
Seems to be while typing a fragment that sinks through the ground
Fixed: problem was there was no border along the floor of the stage
#### Make enemy npc play animation upon their attack
Player animation behavior doesn't change
#### Add an npc attack that arcs
Looks like adding box2d might not be the way to go, it doesn't allow for 
variable speeds. I'm sure I can find some uses for it.
Design a way to pass optional arguments to positionFunc
Add randomization so the enemy npc fires attacks of either type
Fix the force used on the arcing fragment to reach the player
Add some randomization to the force so it misses some percent of the time
#### Make player hit animations play instantly (no delay)
#### BUG: when 2 fragments begin with the same text and one wins
This is probably an acceptable bug for now... just need to capture it
This is probably an acceptable bug for now... just need to capture it
It appears to skip a character.  For example:
abcdef
abcdff
abcdff
if you type abcd, all 3 fragments should activate.  As soon as you type f, the
first fragment should deactivate (go back to 'live') and the 2 final ones 
should have abcdf as completed, but instead will only have abcd still complete.
Thought: could this be solved the same as the previous problem, by duping one
of the arrays?
#### EPIC: Typewar battle evolution
The (battle) scene initializes the battle manager.
The battle manager keeps track of the two sides of battle (typically the player
and opponents). The battle manager has the attack manager module which 
determines how to generate text fragments based on difficulty level, stat
differences between the players, etc etc.
It's also eventually going to keep track of any environmental effects during
battle.

+ (DONE)player/npc.initiateAttackOn should call the battle manager
  Battle manager then generates options for the text fragment spawner
+ (DONE)player is assigned a number of attacks (the AI will have to know about
  these)
+ (DONE)player generates attack object from stored attacks.
  * (DONE)stored attack contains:
  * (DONE)position func
  * (DONE)classes func
  * (DONE)hitbox over time (just constant for now)
+ (DONE)attack object is used to build initial fragment property list
  * (DONE)player attributes + attack profile = initial fragment prop list
+ (DONE)Fragment is created with a property list
+ (DONE)Fragment's behavior is governed by that property list
  * (DONE)damage object
  * (DONE)text
  * (DONE)position over time
  * (DONE)classes(css) over time
  * (DONE)hitbox size over time (shape we don't care for now)
+ (DONE)TextFragmentCompleted event should trigger with the text fragment itself as
  an option/argument. More specifically, it's attack object
+ (DONE)characters have hitboxes
+ (DONE)Fragment damage is resolved when the fragment's hitbox intersects with the
  defender's
+ (DONE)enemy attacks damage reduced based on correctness of typing.
  * What I mean is, If a text fragment is partially typed at the time of impact
    it should affect the damage dealt/taken.  I believe this already works but
    must be tested
+ (DONE)enemy attacks that reach the player do damage
+ (DONE)fragments that leave the play field are destroyed
#### Decrase the time between on/off within the flicker
#### BUG: when player dies, it doesn't do the game over screen
#### BUG: player text appears too high on the screen sometimes
#### BUG: when 2 fragments starting with the same text are typed, when one wins
For example:
    South Dakota
    South Carolina
Once you type 'South ' now you press D, South Carolina deactivates but it won't
register the D press for south dakota.
This feature just seems to be broken.
My ramblings investigating this issue: 
I've turned off player and npc battle ai so I can manually send text
fragments through the console.  Using initiateAttackOn() from each of them
I'll send abcdefg from player and abcdfff from monster.
I should be able to type a and have both activate but it isn't doing it.

Upon further investigation, it looks like what's happening is the first
live fragment gets processed (activate). then the event gets triggered
TextFragmentActivated which in this manager moves it out of the live array
and into active.  This happens before the second fragment can be processed
and we're done ?? wait no.. that doesn't sound right.  it should still run
over the _ .each loop......
more digging needed

Upon further investigation, what I theorize is happening is that _ .each
is (may be) doing a traditional for loop, looping over the array until
the itor is >= array length.  The shuffling of the arrays pushes one
item out of the live array into the active array so now the length is
equal to the itor and the loop bails out. I'll need to verify because the
implementation sets a variable length = obj.length so i'm thinking it 
shouldn't keep checking object length but instead cache that value

Final investigation, after digging into underscore, it looks like _ .each
uses native [].forEach if available.  [].forEach will not visit each item
in the array if the array is modified during execution.
#### Fix the issue with the text fragment width
The width should probably be set to the length of the string or something
Might need some javascript to set the width of the text fragment wrapper
#### Create a battle over scene for the winner
Create a scene manager that handles loading different scenes
The scene manager lives inside the core engine which handles the logistics of
setting up and breaking down the various game modes
#### Use a different attack animation from slime (something more visible)
#### Hook up the player character to retrieve data from the server including a vocabulary
#### Don't show incorrect characters, just flash red or something.
#### BUG: Prevent spacebar from scrolling down.
I want to bundle up all the browser keyboard control overrides.  Do this in the
same place that I handle backspace override.
#### BUG: Disregard returns
#### Distinguish somehow the difference between player cast text fragments and npc sent ones (appearance)..
#### BUG: when multiple fragments are 'active' deactivate any that get a wrong input
#### Improve the way text fragments display, make them show spaces properly
#### BUG: backspace triggers back in the browser
#### Handle dashes
#### BUG: player/enemy health switches places. Whoever takes more damage appears on the right
#### The player should be able to activate any text fragment by typing.
Need a text input manager that watches for keyboard inputs and selects the
correct active fragments.
  + Handle the case where multiple fragments start with the same word.
    - I think we'll want to defer this and allow different skills to handle
    this situation in various ways.
  + Need to clean up fragments when dead (at least put them in the graveyard)
  + Ensure the proper arrays get the right fragments placed in them
#### BUG: Enemy name doesn't display
#### BUG: when a fragment that you're currently typing goes off screen, it never releases the keyboard focus (need to unbind)
On further investigation, my guess was correct: A text fragment had exited the 
battle area but was not deallocated.  Next experiment, we want to see if a 
text fragment is correctly being destroyed when it leaves the battle arena.
Will need to check Typewar.Engine.BattleManager.getAllLiveFragments() and 
ensure it's size is always equal to the number of fragments we see on screen.

I think I see the problem now.  When a text fragment goes live (enters the 
live queue), it does not get destroyed when it goes off the screen edge.  Now
let's trace why this might be.

I believe this bug is fixed but will need to keep an eye out for it because I
cannot verify this.
#### BUG: there is a bug where the input manager stops accepting inputs.
Seems to be fixed thanks to the above, but need to keep an eye out for it.
#### Switch to postgres to prepare for heroku deploy
#### Handle capital letters
#### Change player sprite (current one is crap)
#### Removing text fragments from the scene once they hit the edge.  
Stuck on moving the fragment into the 'graveyard' on the battle manager.  
Can't seem to find the fragment that comes back from the event.  However, 
I suspect that the fragment has already been dealt with.. no wait it's 
not in the graveyard either...  Well, maybe it's still being moved and 
so the event is getting triggered many times.  Need to check to ensure 
that the fragment is being deactivated properly.  In fact, perhaps it's
being more than deactivated, it's being finished, or destroyed 
or demolished. It should call deactivate, but also should remove the view,
remove the 2D component, remove bindings, stop calculation of position.
#### Move completed text fragments to the graveyard as well.
#### Remove the 'type me' instruction text from text fragment partials (or make
them less obtrusive)
#### Add a background.
#### Allow a method of stopping the AI. It would be nice if we could listen for
the Crafty.pause() call and stop and start automatically.
#### Move the AI to the slime. Extract it out so it's a module I can attach to
any monster, even swiching out. Perhaps the monster could have several
behaviors that can be toggled. AI has many behaviors.
For now, just set the behavior to attack at a constant rate
#### Zoom in on the characters, camera is too far out.
#### Player attacking the monster sends text fragment from the player to the enemy
#### Set up simple AI that manages battle flow
#### Show health status for enemy.
#### Add defend animation and insert appropriately
#### REFACTOR: The player should be triggering attacks on the monster(s).
Refactor the way attacking and defending works. The text fragments should be
labeled with attacker and defender and they should resolve separately and
instructions should be sent to each party.
There should be a battlecomputer component or module that takes the attacker,
the defender, and a completed text fragment and does whatever magical math
and our logic to figure out what happened in that round.
With this, we can probably ditch the dual spawners on the enemy npc.
#### Make player attack do damage to enemy
#### Attacker and defender should be linked to on each text fragment
#### Text fragments should answer to TextFragment#success() that reports a percent
of how quickly you typed it.
#### Add second stream of text fragments from enemy (spawner). 
Player shouldn't swing sword on successful defense. Only attack
Make sure behavior functions correctly on both parties for attack and def.
#### Add second stream of text fragments from enemy (spawner). 
Enemy should have two spawners: attack and defense.
Modify text fragment spawner to be able to pass in options when generating 
a text fragment. Make text fragments able to accept arguments which affect 
the way they behave and are displayed.
#### Give the active text fragment z-index > all others
#### Add a sprite for the enemy.
Add animation for enemy sprite when hit.
Add animation for when they attack
#### Add hit points to enemy
#### Move the enemy (in the scene) to the right a bit.
#### Keep track of the current (active) fragment.  Maybe there should be an
active pointer/instance var.
#### When a spawner generates a new fragment, ensure that it doesn't get
activated if another fragment is already active
#### When a fragment is completed, if there is another live fragment, activate
the next one in the array.
#### Finish the first draft of the text fragment component
